Avocados are a fruit, not a vegetable. They're technically considered a single-seeded berry, believe it or not.
The Eiffel Tower can be 15 cm taller during the summer, due to thermal expansion meaning the iron heats up, the particles gain kinetic energy and take up more space.
Trypophobia is the fear of closely-packed holes. Or more specifically, "an aversion to the sight of irregular patterns or clusters of small holes or bumps." No crumpets for them, then.
Australia is wider than the moon. The moon sits at 3400km in diameter, while Australia’s diameter from east to west is almost 4000km.
'Mellifluous' is a sound that is pleasingly smooth and musical to hear.
The Spice Girls were originally a band called Touch. "When we first started [with the name Touch], we were pretty bland," Mel C told The Guardian in 2018. "We felt like we had to fit into a mould."
Human teeth are the only part of the body which cannot heal themselves. Teeth are coated in enamel which is not a living tissue.
It's illegal to own just one guinea pig in Switzerland. It's considered animal abuse because they're social beings and get lonely.
The Ancient Romans used to drop a piece of toast into their wine for good health - hence why we 'raise a toast'.
The heart of a shrimp is located in its head. They also have an open circulatory system, which means they have no arteries and their organs float directly in blood.
Amy Poehler was only seven years older than Rachel McAdams when she took on the role of "cool mom" in Mean Girls. Rachel was 25 as Regina George - Amy was 32 as her mum.
Baby rabbits are called kits. Cute!
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland. It was apparently chosen because of its connection with dominance and chivalry as well as purity and innocence in Celtic mythology.
The first airplane flew on December 17, 1903. Wilbur and Orville Wright made four brief flights at Kitty Hawk, North Carolina, with their first powered aircraft, aka the first airplane.
Venus is the only planet to spin clockwise. It travels around the sun once every 225 Earth days but it rotates clockwise once every 243 days.
Nutmeg is a hallucinogen. The spice contains myristicin, a natural compound that has mind-altering effects if ingested in large doses.
A 73-year-old bottle of French Burgundy became the most expensive bottle of wine ever sold at auction in 2018, going for $558,000 (approx £439,300). The bottle of 1945 Romanee-Conti sold at Sotheby for more than 17 times its original estimate of $32,000.
The Spanish national anthem has no words. The 'Marcha Real' is one of only four national anthems in the world (along with those of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, and San Marino) to have no official lyrics.
The Japanese word 'Kuchi zamishi' is the act of eating when you're not hungry bcause your mouth is lonely. We do this all the time.
The probability of a blue lobster existing is widely touted as being one in two million. Bright blue lobsters are so-coloured because of a genetic abnormality that causes them to produce more of a certain protein than others.
There’s only one letter that doesn’t appear in any American state name. There's a Z in Arizona and an X in Texas, but no Q in any of them.
A book called 'A la recherche du temps perdu' by Marcel Proust contains an estimated 9,609,000 characters, making it the longest book in the world. The title translates to "Remembrance of Things Past".
Google images was literally created after Jennifer Lopez wore that infamous dress at the 2000 Grammys. So many people were searching for her outfit, the search engine added an imagine function.
Big Ben's clock stopped at 10:07 p.m. on 27 May 2005, most likely due to an extremely hot temperature of 31.8 degrees Celsius.
Walt Disney currently holds the most Academy Awards. Disney won 26 Oscars over the course of his career and was nominated a grand total of 59 times.
Banging your head against a wall for one hour burns 150 calories.
In Switzerland it is illegal to own just one guinea pig.
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by feathers.
Snakes can help predict earthquakes.
Crows can hold grudges against specific individual people.
The oldest “your mom” joke was discovered on a 3,500 year old Babylonian tablet.
So far, two diseases have successfully been eradicated: smallpox and rinderpest.
29th May is officially “Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day”.
Cherophobia is an irrational fear of fun or happiness.
7% of American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
If you lift a kangaroo’s tail off the ground it can’t hop.
Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun.
Most Korean people don’t have armpit odor.
The original London Bridge is now in Arizona.
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.
If Pinocchio says “My Nose Will Grow Now”, it would cause a paradox.
Polar bears could eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting, tasty!
Car manufacturer Volkswagen makes sausages.
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie, which is why they were called “trailers”.
An eagle can hunt down a young deer and fly away with it.
The smallest bone in your body is in your ear.
Tennis players are not allowed to swear when they are playing in Wimbledon.
Only 5% of the ocean has been explored.
The top six foods that make your fart are beans, corn, bell peppers, cauliflower, cabbage and milk.
There is a species of spider called the Hobo Spider.
A lion’s roar can be heard from 5 miles away.
Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.
A baby spider is called a spiderling.
The United States Navy has started using Xbox controllers for their periscopes.
The following can be read forward and backwards: Do geese see God?
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.
In Uganda, around 48% of the population is under 15 years of age.
The average male gets bored of a shopping trip after 26 minutes.
In the 16th Century, Turkish women could initiate a divorce if their husbands didn’t pour coffee for them.
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to watch television for 3 hours.
After the premiere of “16 and Pregnant,” teen pregnancy rates dropped.
Approximately 10-20% of U.S. power outages are caused by squirrels.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter are all banned in China.
95% of people text things they could never say in person.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
The Battle of Hastings didn’t take place in Hastings.
While trying to find a cure for AIDS, the Mayo Clinic made glow in the dark cats.
A swarm of 20,000 bees followed a car for two days because their queen was stuck inside.
Eating carrots can turn your skin orange.
Bob Dylan’s real name is Robert Zimmerman.
A crocodile can’t poke its tongue out.
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don’t drift away from each other.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
The word “y’all” dates back to 1631.
J.K. Rowling chose the unusual name “Hermione” so young girls wouldn’t be teased for being nerdy.
Hewlett-Packard’s (also known as HP) name was decided in a coin toss in 1939.
There is a total of 1,710 steps in the Eiffel Tower.
The Pokémon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based off of Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
Pigs are very smart animals.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed it improved their eyesight.
Los Angeles’s full name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.”
The Twitter bird actually has a name – Larry.
Octopuses have four pairs of arms.
In the popular sitcom, Parks and Recreation, the writers had no idea Nick Offerman was a talented saxophone player when they wrote the Duke Silver plot line.
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.
Mike Tyson once offered a zoo attendant 10,000 dollars to let him fight a gorilla.
ABBA turned down 1 billion dollars to do a reunion tour.
Captive pandas sometimes fake pregnancies.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4 a.m.
Some insects and small birds see the world in slow motion.
A goat called William Windsor served as a Lance Corporal in the British Army.
The most venomous jellyfish in the world is the Irukandji.
The 20th of March is Snowman Burning Day.
Queen Elizabeth II can’t sit on the Iron Throne from Game of Thrones.
There is official Wizard of New Zealand.
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged.
Vincent van Gogh only sold one painting in his lifetime.
A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate!
The average person walks the equivalent of five times around the world in their lifetime.
Michael Jackson offered to make a Harry Potter musical, but J.K. Rowling rejected the idea.
The world record for stuffing drinking straws into your mouth at once is 459.
Nutella was invented during WWII, when hazelnuts were mixed into chocolate to extend chocolate rations.
In 2011, more than 1 in 3 divorce filings in the U.S. contained the word "Facebook".
According to Genesis 1:20-22 the chicken came before the egg.
Ants leave maps for other ants when they walk.
Tears contain a natural painkiller, which reduces pain and improves your mood.
Squirrels forget where they hide about half of their nuts.
Male cats have longer tails than female cats.
Dolly Parton lost in a Dolly Parton look-alike contest.
George W. Bush was once a cheerleader.
In total, there are 205 bones in the skeleton of a horse.
Coca-Cola owns all website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h’s.
Each year there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States.
Strawberries can be red, yellow, green or white.
Mewtwo is a clone of the Pokémon Mew, yet it comes before Mew in the Pokédex.
Four people lived in a home for 6 months infested with about 2,000 brown recluse spiders, but none of them were harmed.
Madonna suffers from brontophobia, which is the fear of thunder.
In June 2017, the Facebook community reached 2 billion active users.
Samuel L. Jackson requested a purple lightsaber in Star Wars in order for him to accept the part as Mace Windu.
Paraskavedekatriaphobia is the fear of Friday the 13th.
Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
In 1998, Sony accidentally sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people’s clothes.
During your lifetime, you will spend around thirty-eight days brushing your teeth.
Ronald McDonald is “Donald McDonald” in Japan because it makes pronunciation easier for the Japanese.